README.md, before:

## Project in ALPHA state :construction:
```diff
! Productive use is not recommended!
```

---

![EZO Devices on the Whitebox carrier](docu/img/wb-ezo-hat.jpg "Atlas Scientific EZO™ devices (pH, ORP and RTD) on the Whitebox carrier.")
# EzoGateway
Open source UWP App, to brings the Atlas Scientific EZO™ devices in the __Internet of Things__. Per __REST API__ you can fetch live measdata and calibrate connected sensors.
Ideal for monitoring water quality in your pool.


[![Bulid](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/100prznt/ezogateway.svg?logo=appveyor&style=popout-square)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/100prznt/ezogateway)   [![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/100prznt/EzoGateway?logo=github&style=popout-square)](https://github.com/100prznt/EzoGateway/issues)   [![Code size](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/100prznt/EzoGateway.svg?logo=github&style=popout-square)](#) 

## What can the EzoGateway do?
My use case for the EzoGateway is the monitoring of the water values of my own pool. The EzoGateway provide a REST API, which (in my case) is called by the home automation system.
The values can also be displayed directly via the web interface or transferred to a Siemens LOGO! PLC.

## How to install?
TODO!

## How to use?

### API Reference
* Wiki: [API Reference](https://github.com/100prznt/EzoGateway/wiki/API-Reference)

### Siemens LOGO! interface
The Siemens LOGO! interface can be activated and configured in the settings. The IP address of the LOGO! and the VM addresses of the corresponding blocks in the LOGO! program must be specified.

For a detailed documetation of the Siemens LOGO! interface see the Wiki-Page.
* Wiki: [Siemens LOGO! interface](https://github.com/100prznt/EzoGateway/wiki/Siemens-LOGO!-interface)

Example program on the Siemens LOGO! PLC which shows the measured data on the display.

![Display meas data on Siemens LOGO! PLC](docu/img/logo-screen.png "Display meas data on Siemens LOGO! PLC")

### Web interface
You found the web interface under: `http://<EzoGateway IP>/web/index.html`

![EzoGateway - live data](docu/img/web-interface-live-data-1024x720.png "EzoGateway web interface shows live measurement data.")

## Hardware
For fast hardware integration there is a cool project from [Whitebox](https://github.com/whitebox-labs). The [Tentacle T3 HAT](https://github.com/whitebox-labs/tentacle-raspi-oshw) accepts three Atlas Scientific EZO™ devices, two of them are electrically isolated.

## Releases
This project build on the continuous integration (CI) platform [AppVeyor](https://www.appveyor.com/) and released in the [Release-Feed](https://github.com/100prznt/EzoGateway/releases).

[![AppVeyor Bulid](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/100prznt/ezogateway.svg?logo=appveyor&style=popout-square)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/100prznt/ezogateway)  
[![AppVeyor Tests](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/tests/100prznt/EzoGateway/master.svg?logo=appveyor&style=popout-square)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/100prznt/EzoGateway/build/tests)

[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/100prznt/EzoGateway.svg?logo=github&style=popout-square)](https://github.com/100prznt/EzoGateway/releases/latest)  
[![GitHub (Pre-)Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/100prznt/EzoGateway/all.svg?logo=github&style=popout-square)](https://github.com/100prznt/EzoGateway/releases) (Pre-)Release

## Credits
This app is made possible by contributions from:
* [Elias Rümmler](http://www.100prznt.de) ([@rmmlr](https://github.com/rmmlr)) - core contributor

### Open Source Project Credits

* [Rca.EzoDeviceLib](https://github.com/100prznt/Rca.EzoDeviceLib) - UWP driver library for the Atlas Scientific EZO™ devices
* [Sharp7](http://snap7.sourceforge.net/) C# implementation of the S7Protocol
* [Newtonsoft.Json](https://www.newtonsoft.com/json) Object serialization for REST API and local storage
* [UIkit](https://github.com/uikit/uikit) Style up the web interface
* [jQuery](https://github.com/jquery/jquery) Web interface data exchange

## License
The EzoGateway App is licensed under [MIT](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php "Read more about the MIT license form"). Refer to [LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/100prznt/EzoGateway/blob/master/LICENSE.txt) for more information.

## Contributions
Contributions are welcome. Fork this repository and send a pull request if you have something useful to add.

Commit message:

Add screenshot of build-in GUI

README.md, after:

## Project in ALPHA state :construction:
```diff
! Productive use is not recommended!
```

---

![EZO Devices on the Whitebox carrier](docu/img/wb-ezo-hat.jpg "Atlas Scientific EZO™ devices (pH, ORP and RTD) on the Whitebox carrier.")
# EzoGateway
Open source UWP App, to brings the Atlas Scientific EZO™ devices in the __Internet of Things__. Per __REST API__ you can fetch live measdata and calibrate connected sensors.
Ideal for monitoring water quality in your pool.


[![Bulid](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/100prznt/ezogateway.svg?logo=appveyor&style=popout-square)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/100prznt/ezogateway)   [![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/100prznt/EzoGateway?logo=github&style=popout-square)](https://github.com/100prznt/EzoGateway/issues)   [![Code size](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/100prznt/EzoGateway.svg?logo=github&style=popout-square)](#) 

## What can the EzoGateway do?
My use case for the EzoGateway is the monitoring of the water values of my own pool. The EzoGateway provide a REST API, which (in my case) is called by the home automation system.
The values can also be displayed directly via the web interface or transferred to a Siemens LOGO! PLC.

## How to install?
TODO!

## How to use?

### API Reference
* Wiki: [API Reference](https://github.com/100prznt/EzoGateway/wiki/API-Reference)

### Siemens LOGO! interface
The Siemens LOGO! interface can be activated and configured in the settings. The IP address of the LOGO! and the VM addresses of the corresponding blocks in the LOGO! program must be specified.

For a detailed documetation of the Siemens LOGO! interface see the Wiki-Page.
* Wiki: [Siemens LOGO! interface](https://github.com/100prznt/EzoGateway/wiki/Siemens-LOGO!-interface)

Example program on the Siemens LOGO! PLC which shows the measured data on the display.

![Display meas data on Siemens LOGO! PLC](docu/img/logo-screen.png "Display meas data on Siemens LOGO! PLC")

### Web interface
You found the web interface under: `http://<EzoGateway IP>/web/index.html`

![EzoGateway - live data](docu/img/web-interface-live-data-1024x720.png "EzoGateway web interface shows live measurement data.")

### Build-In GUI
The application itself also has a grafic user interface that displays the current measurement data.

![EzoGateway - live data](docu/img/built-in-gui.jpg "EzoGateway build-in GUI.")

## Hardware
For fast hardware integration there is a cool project from [Whitebox](https://github.com/whitebox-labs). The [Tentacle T3 HAT](https://github.com/whitebox-labs/tentacle-raspi-oshw) accepts three Atlas Scientific EZO™ devices, two of them are electrically isolated.

## Releases
This project build on the continuous integration (CI) platform [AppVeyor](https://www.appveyor.com/) and released in the [Release-Feed](https://github.com/100prznt/EzoGateway/releases).

[![AppVeyor Bulid](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/100prznt/ezogateway.svg?logo=appveyor&style=popout-square)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/100prznt/ezogateway)  
[![AppVeyor Tests](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/tests/100prznt/EzoGateway/master.svg?logo=appveyor&style=popout-square)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/100prznt/EzoGateway/build/tests)

[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/100prznt/EzoGateway.svg?logo=github&style=popout-square)](https://github.com/100prznt/EzoGateway/releases/latest)  
[![GitHub (Pre-)Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/100prznt/EzoGateway/all.svg?logo=github&style=popout-square)](https://github.com/100prznt/EzoGateway/releases) (Pre-)Release

## Credits
This app is made possible by contributions from:
* [Elias Rümmler](http://www.100prznt.de) ([@rmmlr](https://github.com/rmmlr)) - core contributor

### Open Source Project Credits

* [Rca.EzoDeviceLib](https://github.com/100prznt/Rca.EzoDeviceLib) - UWP driver library for the Atlas Scientific EZO™ devices
* [Sharp7](http://snap7.sourceforge.net/) C# implementation of the S7Protocol
* [Newtonsoft.Json](https://www.newtonsoft.com/json) Object serialization for REST API and local storage
* [UIkit](https://github.com/uikit/uikit) Style up the web interface
* [jQuery](https://github.com/jquery/jquery) Web interface data exchange

## License
The EzoGateway App is licensed under [MIT](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php "Read more about the MIT license form"). Refer to [LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/100prznt/EzoGateway/blob/master/LICENSE.txt) for more information.

## Contributions
Contributions are welcome. Fork this repository and send a pull request if you have something useful to add.
